[Data] Remove read parallelism from Ray Data documentation (#43690)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/data/performance-tips.rst

Optimizing reads
----------------

.. _read_output_blocks:

Tuning output blocks for read

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: may need to add more ~ to appease lint

Author: updated.

By default, Ray Data automatically selects the number of output blocks for read according to the following procedure:

> The ``override_num_blocks`` parameter passed to Ray Data's :ref:`read APIs <input-output>` specifies the number of output blocks and read tasks to create.
> Usually, if the read is followed by a :func:`~ray.data.Dataset.map` or :func:`~ray.data.Dataset.map_batches`, the map is fused with the read; therefore ``override_num_blocks`` also determines the number of map tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``override_num_blocks`` parameter passed to Ray Data's :ref:`read APIs <input-output>` specifies the number of output blocks, which is equivalent to the number of read tasks to create.
- Usually, if the read is followed by a :func:`~ray.data.Dataset.map` or :func:`~ray.data.Dataset.map_batches`, the map is fused with the read; therefore ``override_num_blocks`` also determines the number of map tasks.
```

Author: updated.

.. testoutput::
    :options: +MOCK

    ...
    Operator 1 ReadCSV->SplitBlocks(4): 1 tasks executed, 4 blocks produced in 0.01s
    ...
    
    Operator 2 Map(<lambda>): 4 tasks executed, 4 blocks produced in 0.3s
    ...

To turn off this behavior and allow the read and map operators to be fused, set ``override_num_blocks`` manually.

> For example, this code sets ``override_num_blocks`` to equal the number of files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, this code sets the number of files equal to ``override_num_blocks``:
```

Author: updated.
